---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: true
---

**Last updated**
April 20 2022

# Privacy Policy and Terms

LibraryPro and its developer take your privacy seriously. LibraryPro does not sell or rent your data, and anonymous information is only collected to help make the app better.

For analytics, LibraryPro uses [TelemetryDeck], a privacy-first, lightweight analytics solution that prides itself on being anonymous. The data collected here helps drive development decisions for LibraryPro. For instance, the data can show the popularity of each features.

[telemetrydeck]: https://telemetrydeck.com/pages/privacy-policy.html

## Personally-Identifying Information

LibraryPro does not gather or transmit any Personally-Identifying Information outside of your local device. It only stores preferences about the user interface within its local database.

TelemetryDeck uses anonymised identifiers generated by your device using Apple’s own privacy respecting APIs. If you delete and reinstall LibraryPro, that identifier is reset.

## Business Transfers

If LibraryPro, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that LibraryPro goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, this policy and its effects may change or be amended. (As LibraryPro does not collect any information about you there is very little effect this would likely have in practice.)

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, LibraryPro may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at LibraryPro's sole discretion. Your continued use of this app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

## Indemnity

You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of use of this app or any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
